Replace e.g., i.e., and etc. in non-integration docs (#44627)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/common-tasks/data_disk.md

## Using external data disk

> {% term "Home Assistant Operating System" %} supports storing data on a secondary storage medium. For example, this can be a second internal SSD or HDD or a USB attached SSD or HDD. This data disk contains not only user data but also most of the Home Assistant software as well, including Core and Supervisor. This means a fast data disk will make the system overall much faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% term "Home Assistant Operating System" %} supports storing data on a secondary storage medium. For example, this can be a second internal SSD or HDD, or a USB-attached SSD or HDD. This data disk contains not only user data but also most of the Home Assistant software, including {% term "Home Assistant Core" %} and Apps. This means a fast data disk will make the system much faster overall.
```
I realize this is outside the scope of this PR, but maybe for a later PR.
